guys are going to do, I would just stick
with the Gemini Plus. We've got the Pro,
it's free. Um, for us at least. And
because we have the Pro, it's safe.
Like, you actually could upload a 1003,
a Fanny May 3.4,
uh, you know, payubs, whatever. And, and
it's safe because it's all in Loan
Facto's cloud. It's essentially no
difference as having a document saved on
your Loan Factory Google Drive. So it's
just as secure which if you go do that
on any free whether it's chat GPT claude
Gemini perplexity Kim K2 DeepC it don't
matter all of those if you have a free
account and you upload that private
information it is used for the training
and there are some smart hackers that do
know how to get in there so that is one
of the huge huge benefits and so like
for me um one of the things that I love
about Gemini and I is when I get a
conditional approval, I upload the
conditional approval and I'll show you
guys what I'm talking about or take a
screenshot of it and be like, "Hey, type
up an email for me to send to the
customer to let them know about the
documents that we still need." Um, so
that's things that
that, you know, Gemini is just
incredibly strong at at doing those
things. So